This is a quick lesson on lambda at edge, lambda at Edge allows you to run Node.js and Python Lambda
functions to customize the content the cloud front delivers, such as executing these functions closer
to the viewer.
It can be run at several different points and you've got to remember these for the exam so you can run
your lambda functions.
After Cloudflare receives a request from a viewer, that's the viewer request before it forwards them
on to the origin.
The origin request of the cloud front receives the response from the origin known as the origin response
or before cloud forwards, the response to the viewer, and that's known as the viewer response.
So let's look graphically.
We've got our cloud front cash.
We've got an S3 origin and we've got our user.
The user submits a request that's known as the viewer request.
And this is where you can process using a lambda function.
You've then got the origin request.
And before that happens, you can also use lambda.
The response then comes back.
That's the origin response.
And again, before it gets forwarded on, you can process it with a lambda function and then you've
got the viewer response, which is before cloud front forwards, the response to the actual viewer.
So those are the different places.
The key exam tips here are the lambda right edge gives you that capability to run lambda functions closer
to your viewers.
They can be Node.js or Python.
And then just remember the different points at which you can process data using Lambda.